PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
FIBROID UTERUS STATUS POST MYOMECTOMY .
OPERATIONS / PROCEDURES :
MYOMECTOMY , 08/26/93 .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
This is a 30 year old Gravida I , Para I , status post cesarean section in 03/93 for a fibroid uterus and transverse lie of the fetus .
The patient was unable to have intercourse postpartum secondary to fibroid in vagina and secondary to severe pain .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Significant for manic depressive illness in the past .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Status post cesarean section .
MEDICATIONS :
Prozac .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies .
Patient does not smoke .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Patient was afebrile , vital signs stable .
HEENT exam was normal .
Breasts without masses .
Lungs were clear .
Heart was regular rate and rhythm without murmur .
Abdomen was soft with well healed Pfannenstiel incision .
Pelvic exam , vagina and cervix normal .
Uterus was non-tender , approximately 12 week size with a posteriorly felt fibroid at 10 cm .
Guaiac negative .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
Patient underwent a myomectomy on 08/26/93 .
Operative findings included a 10 cm fundal fibroid which was adhered to the cul-de-sac .
There were normal ovaries and tubes otherwise .
The fundal fibroid was connected to the fundus of the uterus by a 3-4 cm stalk .
Of note , the patient can have a vaginal birth after cesarean section with her next pregnancy .
Postoperative course was unremarkable .
Patient advanced her diet well and was discharged on postoperative day # 3 on 08/28/93 .
DISPOSITION :
MEDICATIONS :
Percocet one to two po q 4 hours p.r.n. , and Prozac .
Patient will follow with Dr. Pain in two weeks post discharge .
PRINCIPLE DIAGNOSIS :
Uterine vaginal prolapse , stress urinary incontinence .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 58 year old white female , G2 , P2 , status post total abdominal hysterectomy , left salpingo-oophorectomy , 15 years ago for cyst , now complaining of a 2-3 year history of vaginal bulge , increasing with time .
The patient reports difficulty defecating with symptoms of stress urinary incontinence , such as leakage of urine with cough , and intercourse .
Urodynamic testing in December , 2002 , demonstrated symptoms of stress urinary incontinence , but no evidence of detrusor instability .
The patient desires definitive treatment with surgical management .
After counseling the patient , the patient has consented to an abdominal sacral colpopexy , paravaginal repair , posterior colporrhaphy , TVT .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. Rheumatic fever ;
2. Degenerative joint disease ;
3. Mitral valve prolapse ;
4. Upper gastrointestinal bleed , February , 2003 , secondary to Celebrex .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
1. Total abdominal hysterectomy / Left salpingo-oophorectomy 16 years ago , secondary to ovarian cyst ;
2. Exploratory laparotomy for an RSO 17 years ago ;
3. Thumb surgery and ear surgery .
OB HISTORY :
G2 , P2 , ( vaginal delivery times 2 ) .
GYN HISTORY :
The patient is menopause since 16 years ago .
Status post Total abdominal hysterectomy / Left salpingo-oophorectomy .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
1. Aspirin ;
2. Multivitamins ;
3. Maxzide ;
4. Glucosamine ;
5. Tylenol ;
6. Premarin ;
7. Protonics ;
8. Ultram .
ALLERGIES :
NSAIDS - no NSAID secondary to gastrointestinal bleed .
Demerol leads to nausea , vomiting , Sulfur leads to tongue edema , Percodan , however , Percocet is okay , per the patient .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Noncontributory .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient denies any tobacco , alcohol , or drug use .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Second degree cystocele , second degree rectocele .
First degree vaginal vault prolapse , and evidence of peri-vaginal prolapse , right greater than left , and ------------5.5 .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted on May 22 , 2003 , and underwent an uncomplicated exam under anesthesia .
Abdominal sacral colpopexy , paravaginal and posterior repair , and repair of the mesentery with lysis of adhesions .
TVT sling placement , and repair of an incidental cystotomy , and cystoscopy .
Estimated blood loss was 500 cc .
The procedure was complicated by fistulotomy , that was repaired without difficulty .
The patient had an otherwise routine postoperative course , with the exception of a Foley catheter that was kept in for 10 days .
The patient was given 2 extra postoperative doses of Ampicillin plus Gentamycin , in addition to preoperative dose for her mitral valve prolapse .
She was then continued on Nitrofurantoin urinary tract infection prophylaxis , due to the indwelling Foley catheter for 10 days , for her incidental cystotomy repair .
On postoperative day 1 , hematocrit was 33 , and the patient remained stable throughout her hospital course , with a slow advancement of her diet , due to her extensive lysis of adhesions .
The patient went home on postoperative day 3 , with hypertension follow up with Dr. Fongcloz , for routine postoperative care .
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES :
1. Status post abdominal sacral colpopexy , para vaginal posterior repair , repair of mesentery , extensive lysis of adhesions , TVT sling placement , repair of incidental cystotomy , cystoscopy for genuine stress urinary incontinence , and pelvic relaxation , with vaginal prolapse , cystocele , and rectocele .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
1. Colace ;
2. Estrogen Cream ;
3. Percocet ;
4. Motrin .
DISCHARGE DATE :
The patient was admitted to the hospital on July 12th for a chole with a principle diagnosis of recurrent biliary colic .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 42 year old with recurrent biliary colic .
She has had ultrasound proven gallstones for ten years , seen on an earlier obstetric ultrasound .
The patient has had no symptoms until approximately two years ago when she began having classic biliary colic pain with right upper quadrant epigastric pain radiating to midback with nausea , but without vomiting .
Onset was an hour to 1 hour after meals , worse with greasy meals , lasting five minutes to two hours .
Episodes have been increasing in frequency over the last few months .
She has had no fevers , chills , respiratory symptoms , diarrhea , bright red blood per rectum or melena .
She has not found any relieve with any over the counter medications .
She has no family history of gallbladder or pancreatic disease .
She has had no significant weight loss .
No anorexia .
An ultrasound on 1/25/00 showed six gallstones without cholecystitis .
She has no history of liver disease , hepatitis .
The patient is from 45 Sidewonly Blvd , Fresa Loharanleah , Maryland .
Has lived in 896 Lokatspur Pkwy , Ingrich Vepobuffh , Indiana for 25 years and works as a teaching assistant in a second grade in Satlnonew Rollglend Pabridrham .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Significant for a left ear operation approximately 30 years ago with left TM reconstruction in December 1999 at Hitch Hospital .
MEDS ON ADMISSION :
Only multivitamins .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient denies tobacco and / or alcohol use .
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS :
Noncontributory .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
The patient is a healthy appearing female looking her stated age in no apparent distress .
She is anicteric without rash or HEENT .
Significant for left TM scarring without acute inflammation or drainage .
Oropharynx is moist .
No lymphadenopathy is noted .
Thyroid is nonpalpable .
She is without bruits or JVD .
Lungs are bilaterally clear to auscultation .
Cardiac exam ; she has positive S1 , S2 without murmur , rub or gallop .
Rate was 75 .
Abdomen is soft and nontender without hepatosplenomegaly or mass .
She has no rebound or guarding .
Her rectal exam is guaiac negative .
Her extremities are without normal limits with +2 pulses throughout .
She is neurologically intact .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted for the lap coli with an intraoperative cholangiogram by Dr. Sterp under general anesthesia .
A separate operative note has been dictated .
Operative course and recovery were without complication .
The patient was admitted to floor .
The patient was afebrile , vital signs were stable .
She is taking po 's .
She is ambulatory .
The patient will be discharged to home in stable condition with a follow up appointment with Dr. Sterp .
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS :
Percocet 5 mg in 325 mg one to two tabs po q4 to 6 prn pain .
The patient will be discharged in stable condition .
DIAGNOSIS ON DISCHARGE :
1. STATUS POST MOTORVEHICLE ACCIDENT WITH TRANSIENT PARAPLEGIA .
2. RIGHT HYDRONEPHROSIS ON CT SCAN .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 20 year old black female who was a pedestrian when struck by a car at apparent high speed .
There was apparent loss of consciousness at the scene and significant deformity of the anterior portion of the motorvehicle with positive starring of the windshield .
The patient was conscious on the scene when evaluated by EMT 's but at the scene , the patient was apparently paraplegic below the umbilicus with absence of movement and sensation below the umbilicus .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
None .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Status post laparotomy for an ovarian cyst in 1988 .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
None .
ALLERGIES :
None .
She denies cigarette use and ethanol use as well as a recreational drug use .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
On initial exam , her left shoulder was tender to palpation over the proximal humerus with decreased range of motion .
She was without the ability to move her left lower extremity with decreased sensation in the left leg .
The right leg was with decreased range of motion of thigh flexion and extension .
The back was notable for tenderness at the level of L3-L5 .
LABORATORY EXAMINATION :
Initial radiologic evaluation showed negative C-spine , thoracic spine , and lumbosacral spine films .
Abdominal CT was negative except for right hydronephrosis with mild right hydroureter .
Back MRI was negative .
Film of the left humerus was also negative .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
A Neurosurgery consultation was obtained , and it was their impression that the patient 's paraplegia might possibly represent a cord concussion , and recommended treatment with intravenous steroids for 24 hours .
The patient 's paraplegia resolved by the morning of her second hospital day , and she maintained 5/5 motor strength in all groups .
A Urology consultation was obtained , and it was recommended that an IVP be obtained .
This was obtained on the day of discharge , however , due to residual contrast in the colon from the patient 's prior abdominal CT scan , the exam was postponed after a scout film was obtained .
The patient fell well on the day of discharge .
She remained afebrile throughout her hospital course .
Additionally on the night before discharge , flexion and extension views of the lumbosacral spine were obtained , and showed no fracture or instability .
DISPOSITION :
CONDITION ON DISCHARGE :
Good .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
Tylenol 650 mg p.o. q4 hours p.r.n. pain .
She will followup in the Wardca Presiew Hospital in one week .
She will have an IVP repeated in one week at which time she should have cleared the residual contrast in her colon .
She will have urology followup after her IVP .
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Coronary artery disease .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSES :
Angina , failed coronary bypass graft , elevated cholesterol , hypertension , atrial fibrillation , prostatism , and cataracts .
PRINCIPAL PROCEDURE :
On 2/6/2005 , left heart catheterization .
OTHER PROCEDURES :
On 2/6/2005 , left ventriculography ; on 2/6/2005 , bilateral coronary angiography ; and on 2/6/2005 , bypass graft and internal mammary artery angiography .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
Lipitor 30 mg p.o. daily , Accupril 5 mg p.o. daily , folic acid 1 mg p.o. daily , Cardizem CD 120 mg p.o. daily , atenolol 25 mg p.o. daily , ASA 325 mg p.o. daily , and Plavix 75 mg p.o. daily .
HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS :
Mayta Neek is a 69-year-old patient of Dr. Queszucenove Tadl at Cochusetts Medical Center .
He presents with increasing chest pain and shortness of breath .
He has a long history of coronary artery disease and has a two prior coronary bypass surgeries .
His first coronary bypass surgery was on 5/7/1985 by Dr. Riez .
He had LIMA to the LAD and vein graft to the diagonal and then a snake fashion two circumflexes and to the acute marginal branch of the right coronary artery .
He presented with angina and had an occluded LAD and severe circumflex and right coronary disease .
He had normal left ventricular function .
He did well , but had recurrent angina by 1999 and cardiac catheterization in March of 2000 showed normal left ventricular function with a native nondominant right coronary artery having a 95
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Morbid obesity .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSES :
Hypertension , gastroesophageal reflux disease , and history of perforated appendicitis .
PRINCIPAL PROCEDURES :
Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass , wedge liver biopsy , and EGD .
ASSOCIATED PROCEDURE :
Barium swallow .
HISTORY AND REASON FOR THE HOSPITALIZATION :
The patient is a 36-year-old woman with a history of morbid obesity , height of 170.3 cm and weight of 278.9 pounds with BMI of 43.7 , who presents for surgical management of her morbid obesity .
She has attempted multiple diets , all of which had failed and suffers from numerous complications of obesity , including gastroesophageal reflux disease and hypertension .
She was evaluated by the Wythe Carlecant Woodmer Medical Center at Well General Hospital and determined to be an excellent candidate for surgical intervention .
Other past medical history ; She is status post cardiac ablation for AV node , reentrant tachycardia , which was performed in .
MEDICATIONS :
Toprol XL 200 mg p.o. daily , Nexium 40 mg p.o. b.i.d. , Dyazide 1 tab p.o. daily , and Norvasc 5 mg p.o. daily .
ALLERGIES :
She has no known drug allergies .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Negative for DVT or PE .
She lives with her fiance .
She has a very supportive family .
She denies any history of alcohol or tobacco use .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
On physical exam , she is afebrile with vital signs stable , baseline blood pressure of 120/85 with the heart rate of 72 .
She appears well and is in no acute distress .
Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally without wheezes .
She has a regular rate and rhythm without murmurs , rubs , or gallops .
Her abdomen is soft , obese , nontender , and nondistended .
Her extremities are without cyanosis or edema .
Her skin is without rashes .
After thorough evaluation , by the Cinmead Hospital Medical Center , the patient was consented for surgery .
On the date of admission , she was taken to the operating room for laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass , wedge liver biopsy , and EGD .
The patient tolerated the procedure well and there were no complications .
Her postoperative course was unremarkable .
On postoperative day one , she underwent a barium swallow , which was negative for leak or obstruction .
Her diet was therefore advanced according to the gastric bypass protocol .
She tolerated p.o. trials well and her IV pain medication was switched to p.o. without difficulty .
Because of patient 's undergoing gastric bypass , have a tendency to become dehydrated .
Her Dyazide was held throughout her hospital stay and will be held until further notice .
On postoperative day three , she was tolerating POs well and she was discharged home in good condition on the following medications .
Dulcolax 5 mg p.o. daily p.r.n. constipation , Toprol XL 200 mg p.o. daily , Norvasc 5 mg p.o. daily , Nexium 40 mg p.o. daily , and Percocet 5/325 one to two tabs p.o. q.4h. p.r.n. pain .
She is to follow a post gastric bypass diet .
Her activity level is as tolerated and she is to follow the post-gastric bypass instruction booklet .
She is to call the Wythe Carlecant Woodmer Medical Center with any question .
She is also to call Dr. South 's office to schedule a follow-up appointment .
She is to return to the emergency room or call the Wythe Carlecant Woodmer Medical Center , if she has any fever greater than 101 , prolonged nausea and vomiting , bleeding from the wounds , pus from the wounds , or any other concerns .
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Pelvic mass , benign mucinous cystadenoma .
PRINCIPAL PROCEDURE :
Total abdominal hysterectomy , right lymph node dissection , appendectomy , omental biopsy , and pelvic washings .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
This is a 56-year-old menopausal female G3 , P3 who presented initially for evaluation of a pelvic mass while recently vacationing in An Saintcafield Terland .
She had a physical over there , and the evaluation included an ultrasound which showed an ovarian mass .
She was seen in the emergency room here on 08/31/04 where they performed an abdominal CT that showed a 14 x 14 x 10 cm pelvic mass with multiple enlarged lymph nodes .
The patient was thus sent to GYN for further workup and is now here for surgical management of pelvic mass .
Her CA-125 is 9 .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
None .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Tubal ligation .
PAST OBSTETRICAL HISTORY :
G3 , P3 , spontaneous vaginal delivery x3 .
MEDICATIONS :
None .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
Denies tobacco , alcohol or drug use .
Married , lives with husband , denies domestic violence .
FAMILY HISTORY :
No history of GYN , cancers , or breast cancer .
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS :
Negative .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was taken to the operating room on hospital day # 1 where she underwent an uncomplicated total abdominal hysterectomy , bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy , right lymph node dissection , appendectomy , omental biopsy , pelvic washings , and Pap of the diaphragm .
An estimated blood loss was 100 cc .
At the time of surgery , frozen section revealed benign mucinous cystadenoma .
By postoperative day #3 , the patient was tolerating p.o.' s , tolerating oral pain medications , ambulating , passing flatus , and having a bowel movement .
She was voiding without difficulty .
Her hematocrit preoperatively was 36 and postoperatively was 33 and then 32 .
The patient did have some tachycardia postoperatively ; however , her hematocrit remained stable .
She was asymptomatic , and her EKG was within normal limits .
Her tachycardia improved .
Throughout this time , she had normal vital signs with a normal O2 saturation .
DISPOSITION AND DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS :
She was discharged home in stable condition with prescriptions for Colace , Motrin and Percocet as needed .
FOLLOW UP :
She will follow up with Dr. Crutch in two weeks .
She was again discharged home in stable condition .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
Patient is a 47 year old G2 P2 with history of chronic dysmenorrhea and pelvic pain .
Patient has had increasing pain for the last 11 months .
Pelvic ultrasound on 7/31/01 showed uterus 11.2 x 6.7 x 5.8 cms .
With several fibroids and a left ovarian 6 cm. simple cyst .
The patient underwent a trial of medical treatment with no resolution of pain and desired definitive therapy .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Mild dysplasia since 7/21/01 seen in PUMC Gyn .
Clinic on 9/2 with negative colposcopy .
1977 tubal ligation , laparoscopic .
History of left hand surgery .
Plastic surgery for burn .
Patient also has borderline hypertension .
Hct. 33.6 .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Breast cancer .
PAST GYN HISTORY :
Patient has a history of menorrhagia , endometrial biopsy on 12/5/01 for polyp .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
Patient does not smoke .
MEDICATIONS :
Percocet 2-3 per day .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
BP 130/80 , well appearing , lungs clear , heart regular rate and rhythm , abdomen soft , percussion of left lower quadrant , bimanual exam tender to pressure , uterus tender .
Bilateral adnexa tender .
LABORATORY DATA :
Patient had a preoperative hematocrit of 35.7 .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
Patient was taken to the operating room on 12/18/01 and TAH / BSO was performed with no complications .
Left adnexal cyst was sent to pathology .
Pelvic washings were taken .
The uterus with right tube and ovary were also sent to pathology .
Of note , there were marked adhesions between the left adnexa , bowel , and bladder .
These were filmy adhesions that were easily taken down .
The patient did well without complications post-operatively .
Her diet was advanced and she was tolerating pos .
Her post op Hct. was at 30.3 down from 35.7 pre-operatively .
The patient was discharged home on post-op day 2 in stable condition to follow-up with Dr. Ai Jergkohoon her gynecologist 2 weeks post-operatively for a follow-up visit .
She has subcuticular stitches and will not need staples or sutures removed .
The patient will be sent home with discharge medications including Percocet 1-2 tabs po q3-4h prn pain , Motrin 600 mg. q6h prn pain , and Peri-Colace 1 tab po prn constipation .
CHIEF COMPLAINT :
Right shoulder instability .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
This is a 30-year-old right hand dominant gentleman who pleasant Software Engineer .
In 1989 the patient was dunking a basketball and injured his right shoulder with abduction external rotation injury .
He has had persistent pain over the years which has worsened in the past several months including inability to sleep .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Is unremarkable .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Knee surgery .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
None .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
Occasional alcohol , does not smoke .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
In Clinic his cervical spine examination was benign .
Shoulder elevation is 170 degrees with 70 degrees of external rotation and internal rotation of the right shoulder to T9 vertebra versus T7 on the left .
Rotator cuff measures 4-5 on the right and 5 out of 5 on the left .
Mild pain with resistive test and his Pigott sign is mildly positive on the right , negative on the left .
There is 1 cm. sulcus sign bilaterally .
Laxity is noted as well as markedly positive apprehension sign on the right .
Biceps are normal .
HOSPITAL COURSE AND TREATMENT :
The patient was admitted to the Hospital and was taken to the operating room for an open Bankart procedure with biceps tenodesis ( Please see the operative note for full details ) .
Postoperatively , the patient did very well and was neurovascularly intact .
His wound was intact , clean and dry and it was covered with perioperative antibiotics .
He was discharged to home on Percocet .
He was given strict instructions to limit his external rotation no more than 30 degrees .
He was seen by physical therapy prior to discharge .
FOLLOW UP :
He is to follow up with Dr. Rach Breutznedeaisscarvwierst in Clinic .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
Percocet 1-2 tablets PO q.4-6 hours prn pain .
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Choledocholithiasis .
PRINCIPAL PROCEDURE :
Laparoscopic cholecystectomy .
ASSOCIATED PROCEDURES :
ERCP .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 22 year-old woman previously healthy who presented to our ED who presented with three week history of intermittent right upper quadrant pain .
As the patient 's symptoms were worsening , she brought herself to the ED .
She denies any nausea and vomiting or diarrhea .
The pain localizes to the right upper quadrant and seems to radiate to the back .
There are no associated fevers or chills .
There is no dysuria .
There is no CVA tenderness .
Her last menstrual period was three weeks ago .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
None .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
None .
MEDICATIONS :
None .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
No smoking , no alcohol .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
The patient was in no acute distress .
Temperature was 98 degrees .
Heart rate was 92 .
Blood pressure was 122/81 .
Cardiac was regular rate and rhythm .
Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally .
Abdomen had positive bowel sounds , was soft .
There was right upper quadrant tenderness , no guarding and no rebound .
Extremities warm with no edema .
LABS :
Sodium 137 , potassium 3.7 , chloride 104 , CO2 27.9 .
BUN 13 , creatinine .6 .
White count was 10.3 , hematocrit of 38.8 .
Platelets were 343 .
Coags were within normal limits .
HCG was negative .
LFTs T-bili .3 , direct bili .2 .
Alk / phos 75 .
SGOT 72 .
SGPT 180 .
Amylase 102 , lipase 2.8 .
Ultrasound of the right upper quadrant was negative sonographic Murphy 's sign , positive cholelithiasis , positive choledocholithiasis ( 1.5 cm stone in the common bile duct ) .
No gallbladder wall thickening and positive intrahepatic ductal dilatation .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted .
She was made NPO .
She received Unasyn for prophylaxis against cholangitis .
On 7/12/01 the patient underwent ERCP .
Cholangiogram showed multiple large stones in the common bile duct and common hepatic duct as well as the gallbladder .
She underwent endoscopic sphincterotomy then , with removal of multiple and numerous common bile duct and common hepatic duct stones ( greater than 40 ) .
There were apparently no large stones seen to be remaining in the duct .
Post ERCP , the patient was still kept on antibiotics .
Her amylase and lipase slightly increased to 138 and 2 respectively .
She did not have any fevers , nor did her white count change .
She was allowed to eat on hospital day #2 after ERCP and tolerated this well .
LFTs were followed .
There was no acute change in her bilirubin or alkaline phosphatase .
On 7/16/01 the patient was taken to the operating room and a laparoscopic cholecystectomy was performed .
At that operation a slightly edematous gallbladder was found as well as a dilated cystic duct .
This gallbladder was removed without complications .
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred back to the floor in stable condition .
The patient was discharged to home on postoperative day #1 .
Her pain was well controlled with Percocet .
She was tolerating PO intake .
CONDITION ON DISCHARGE :
Stable .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
Percocet one to two tablets PO q 4 hours prn and Colace 100 mgs PO tid .
FOLLOW UP :
In the General Surgery Clinic in two weeks .