Discharge Date :
ATTENDING :
CELERO TLANDCAI MD
SERVICE :
Surgical Oncology , Huntve Care Health .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
Ms. Jae Rocgelt is a healthy 56-year-old lady who had a diagnosis of endometrial cancer treated in 1998 with hysterectomy .
Follow-up chest x-ray done showed some scarring and this was followed with a chest x-ray in 2004 showing no changes .
This was then followed with a CT scan in 2004 showing a solid pulmonary nodule that was slightly larger .
This resulted in PET scan done in 03/14/04 , which showed minimal pulmonary activity .
There was no FTG uptake in the lungs or in the pancreas , but the CT scan showed a 1.9-cm low-attenuation lesion in the head of the pancreas .
This was followed by an MRCP on 04/20/05 and this showed a 1.3 to 2.2-cm cystic lesion in the head of the pancreas .
As this was re-examined , it appeared that this was really 3.5 x 2 cm in the uncinate process connecting to the side branch of the pancreatic duct .
Ms. Rocgelt was seen by Dr. Tlandcai and admitted for the Whipple procedure .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. Osteopenia .
2. Hypercholesterolemia .
3. Hysterectomy in 1998 and had a tubal ligation in 1985 , an appendectomy in 1969 .
She had two benign breast cysts removed in 1980s.
ALLERGIES :
Aspirin and penicillin .
MEDICATIONS :
On Fosamax , Lipitor and multivitamins .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
Ms. Rocgelt is married with two stepchildren .
She is a retired teacher .
She quit smoking tobacco in 1985 .
She drinks six to seven drinks of alcohol a week .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Notable for mother is alive at age of 80 with coronary artery disease .
Her father is alive at age of 83 and healthy .
One brother is healthy .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Physical exam at the time of admission includes healthy female looking younger .
She is in no distress .
Weight is 126 .
Heart rate of 68 .
Blood pressure 150/70 .
Respiratory rate 18 .
HEENT Exam , normocephalic .
Pupils are equal , round and reactive to light .
Extraocular muscles are intact .
Pharynx shows right tonsil is slightly swollen .
Her neck shows no thyroid nodules or masses .
Lymph node exam reveals no palpable occipital , cervical , supraclavicular , axillary or inguinal nodes .
Cardiac exam , S1 and S2 are normal .
Normal sinus rhythm .
Respiratory exam , clear auscultation and percussion .
Abdomen soft , nontender and nondistended .
No splenohepatomegaly .
No masses , no hernias .
LABORATORY DATA :
Exam at the time of admission , glucose 125 , BUN 12 , creatinine 0.8 , sodium 140 , potassium 4.1 , chloride 107 , CO2 26 .
ALT 21 , AST 31 , alkaline phosphatase 33 and bilirubin total 0.5 .
CBC , WBC 6.4 , hematocrit 37.6 , and platelets 263 .
PT 12.8 , PTT 24.5 and INR 0.9 .
Radiologic findings ; MRCP shows multiple hepatic cysts identified .
The largest is in the left lobe measuring 2.1 to 2.8 cm .
There is a 1.3 to 2.2 cystic lesion in the uncinate process of the pancreas .
On MRCP , it does appear to be connected to pancreatic duct .
Therefore , it is most likely IPMN .
MRCP , which has also showed normal caliber of common bile duct .
OPERATIONS AND PROCEDURES :
Operations and procedures this admission include Whipple procedure by Dr. Celero Tlandcai , date 06/11/05 .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
Course of hospitalization after surgery on 06/11/05 to 06/18/05 includes :
The patient was transferred to regular floor and did not require ICU admission .
Postoperatively , pain was controlled with Dilaudid PCEA , which well controlled her pain .
JPs in pancreatic duct continued to have , on an average , output of 80 to 100 cc per day during this period .
On postoperative day 5 , the patient had flatus and diet was advanced to clears .
On postoperative day 6 , the patient did not tolerate a toast and crackers and had one episode of emesis .
Her diet was changed back to n.p.o. and drainage from JPs were sent for fluid chemistry .
JP drain 1 had amylase of 638 , lipase of 7760 and bilirubin of 7.5 .
JP # 2 had amylase of 760 , lipase of 9620 and bilirubin of 0.6 .
The rest of this discharge dictation will be completed later .
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Gait disorder .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 31-year-old right-handed female with right-sided greater than left-sided weakness and difficulty walking for several days .
She was in her usual state of health until 3/20/97 when she experienced the fairly sudden onset of predominantly right-sided arm and leg weakness and ataxia .
She was standing and walking with her friend , who " had to catch her from falling down " as she toppled towards the right .
She evidently recovered from the episode after a number of minutes .
The following day , she remained in bed through essentially all of the day due to malaise with no specific deficits being noted .
In the subsequent two days , she had several small spells of " imbalance " , particularly towards the right , and other symptoms included diffuse and mainly frontal headaches and mild neck soreness .
There was no diplopia , visual loss , speech abnormality or sensory change in her history .
She was initially evaluated at an outside hospital emergency room , and then transferred to Well General Hospital .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Is notable for depression , and she has been followed regularly by Dr. Freiermchird of Nash Health for several months with pharmacologic treatment , which is apparently working well .
Her Doxepin has recently been increased .
She is status post appendectomy and otherwise has no remarkable past medical history .
ALLERGIES :
Quinine gives her a rash .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
The only medications she is on are Paxil 30 mg p.o. q.day , Doxepin 25 mg p.o. q.day , and Klonopin 2 mg p.o. q.h.s.
SOCIAL HISTORY :
She is currently unemployed , but until recently , she was employed at a bank .
She was born and raised in Atonlaremont Rockpo .
There is a history of childhood abuse .
She does not drink .
She is a former tobacco user and takes no illicit drugs .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
She was pleasant , in no acute distress ; blood pressure 130/60 ; heart rate 66 ; respirations 18 ; temperature 98 .
Her thyroid was within normal limits .
There were no carotid or cervical bruits .
She had a normal S1 and S2 and regular rate and rhythm with no murmurs .
Her lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally .
Her abdomen was benign .
Her extremities were without clubbing , cyanosis , edema , or rash ; there were some older hematomas in the bilaterally shins .
Mental status - her speech was fluent without errors .
Her affect was slightly inappropriate at times ; for example , singing or humming along while performing some of the motor tasks and giving the impression of indifference to the deficits that were demonstrated on the examination .
Her memory was fully intact for short-term recollection of three out of three objects at five minutes with excellent naming , repetition , proverb interpretation , and ability to follow commands .
Visual fields were full to confrontation .
Her left pupil was 7 mm reacting to 5 mm .
Her right pupil was 5.5 mm reacting to 4 mm .
Her extraocular movements were intact for horizontal and vertical pursuits .
There was no nystagmus and no ptosis .
Her saccades were normal .
Facial strength and sensation were full and symmetric .
Her tongue , uvula and palate were midline .
Shoulder shrug was 5/5 power .
Motor examination revealed 5/5 power in all groups in the proximal and distal upper and lower extremities .
There was no drift .
There was normal bulk and tone .
She had slightly slow fine finger motility approximately equal bilaterally , although this was extremely difficult to reproduce .
Sensory - intact light touch , temperature , and vibration overall .
Reflexes were 2+ throughout in the upper and lower extremities , and toes were downgoing .
There was no jaw jerk and no Hoffman 's sign .
Coordination - toe tap was slow bilaterally , although difficult to reproduce , and at best , was essentially within normal limits .
On standing , she tended to fall to the front , back or sides without trying to stop her fall initially , and extensive gait testing was deferred due to concerns for safety .
Her heel-to-shin and finger-to-nose testing was fully intact bilaterally without ataxia or tremor .
LABORATORY DATA :
Were unremarkable with normal electrolytes and complete blood count parameters .
Her erythrocyte sedimentation rate was 12 .
Her coagulation parameters were normal .
Head CT scan without contrast showed normal brain parenchyma and no intracranial process .
HOSPITAL COURSE AND TREATMENT :
The patient was admitted for her gait disorder with other notable findings on examination including anisocoria , which , by the patient 's report , had been noted several months earlier .
A magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiogram study was obtained , which showed no clear evidence of arterial dissections or infarction or other pathologic processes .
She had been placed on heparin initially , but this was discontinued after the magnetic resonance imaging results were obtained .
Posterior transcranial Doppler studies showed normal studies of both vertebral arteries , and carotid non-invasive studies showed normal right and left carotid bifurcations .
On the second hospital day , her gait continued to be markedly unstable , although with no consistent pattern in terms of weakness or directionality of falling , and she continued to have no reproducible upper extremity or lower extremity ataxia or dysmetria .
She was seen by the Psychiatry Service .
She was not felt to be acutely suicidal or otherwise in need of acute psychiatric treatment .
The psychiatrist also noted the indifference the patient evinced regarding her own symptomatology .
The patient was evaluated in one of the neurology conferences for several hours , and during this time , showed significant improvement while receiving gait training as well as evaluation ; in particular , she became more stable with counter-balancing methods .
This trend of improvement continued , and she was discharged in stable condition .
She will follow up with her psychiatrist , Dr. Freiermchird ( Sone Memorial Hospital ) on a regular basis , and she can follow up with the Neurology Service on a p.r.n. basis if needed .
She will continue on her previous outpatient medical regimen .
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
congestive heart failure .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 72 year old Spanish speaking only female with diabetes mellitus type II , hypertension , and a history of a positive PPD , who presents in congestive heart failure on the day of admission , status post a left vitrectomy at Mountglensfallslo Medical Center .
The patient was admitted to the Mountglensfallslo Medical Center on the day of admission for a left eye vitrectomy secondary to " retained lens material . "
She was intubated , received general anesthesia , and 350 cc of fluid .
The patient was then extubated in the operating room and taken to the post anesthesia care unit -- the surgery without complications .
She was noted to have rapid shallow breathing with oxygen saturations of 87
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Pneumonia .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSIS :
1. Pill esophagitis .
2. Right ventricular hypokinesis .
OPERATIONS / PROCEDURES :
Dobutamine stress test , cardiac ultrasound , EGD , chest x-ray , PICC placement .
The patient is a 62-year-old female with a history of diabetes mellitus , hypertension , COPD , hypercholesterolemia , depression and CHF who was lying in bed on the night prior to admission when she developed left-sided chest pain located in the mid-breast region with some fluttering her chest .
The patient radiated down her left arm associated with some nausea , no shortness of breath , cough , vomiting , diarrhea .
She slept through the night , woke with persistent pain .
She went with her sister 's husband to La Community Hospital where she was given sublingual nitroglycerin with complete relief of pain .
She refused ambulance to the Emergency Room and was driven to Well General Hospital Emergency Room by her sister .
She arrived pain free .
She was given Aspirin , Lopressor and Insulin for hyperglycemia .
EKG was unchanged compared to the prior EKG several months ago .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus , hypertension , depression , back pain , COPD , allergic rhinitis , GERD , obesity , hyperlipidemia .
ALLERGIES :
Codeine , reaction unknown .
MEDICATIONS :
Atrovent .
Aspirin .
Flonase .
Quinine Celebrex .
Compazine .
Oxybutynin Amitriptyline .
Zyrtec .
Prozac .
Trazodone .
Humulin 70 units bid .
Albuterol .
Lasix 40 PO bid .
Triamcinolone cream .
Miconazole cream Flovent .
Nifedipine ER 60 daily .
Lisinopril , 30 daily .
KCl 10 mEq q day .
Protonix , 40 daily .
Lipitor , 20 daily .
Methadone 10 bid .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Non-contributory .
HABITS :
Tobacco :
Quit 20 years ago .
Alcohol :
Rare drinks per week .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
Lives along , takes care of herself .
Retired .
Used to work in fast food .
VITAL SIGNS :
On admission blood pressure 165/70 .
temperature 99.8 , pulse 86 , respiratory rate 18 .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Obese , no acute distress .
Multiple tattoos .
Skin normal .
HEENT , ears poor hearing .
Extraocular movements intact .
Moist mucous membranes .
No lymphadenopathy .
Chest , lungs clear to auscultation with faint wheezes , no rales .
Cardiac , normal S1 , S2 , no murmurs , rubs or gallops .
Abdomen soft , nontender , nondistended .
Positive bowel sounds .
Neurologic :
Alert and oriented x3 .
Cranial nerves II through XII intact .
Motor and sensory intact .
Extremities :
Feet no edema .
Pulses 2+ PT and DP .
LABORATORY :
Unremarkable with normal electrolytes except for glucose of 328 .
CBC , white count 6.7 , hematocrit 37.4 , platelets 280 .
Chest x-ray was low lung volumes , no consolidation .
EKG showed sinus brady at 16 , normal axis , normal intervals , no STT wave abnormalities .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted to Team Four for cardiac monitoring and ruling out for MI .
Hospital course by system :
1. Cardiovascular :
The patient ruled out for MI by cardiac markers .
The patient was set to go for a dobutamine stress test on 11/16/04 given her history of COPD , but the stress portion was canceled when she was down there due to fever and hypotension .
The next day , she underwent a cardiac echo ( transthoracic echocardiogram ) .
This echo showed LV ejection fraction of 50
ADMISSION DIAGNOSIS :
ENDOMETRIAL CANCER .
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS :
ENDOMETRIAL CANCER .
PROCEDURES :
TOTAL ABDOMINAL HYSTERECTOMY AND BILATERAL SALPINGO-OOPHORECTOMY
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
This is a 48-year-old G 3 P 3 who presented to Dr. Fuscmadril 's clinic after having an abnormal pap smear followed by an endometrial biopsy that was suggestive of grade 1 endometrial cancer .
This is a patient who , over the past year , has had no menses and thought she had become menopausal .
She then began spotting for several months with some constant brown discharge .
A pap smear that was obtained by her primary care physician showed an endometrial cell and thus she was referred to a gynecologist for an endometrial biopsy .
The endometrial biopsy showed grade 1 endometrial cancer .
A decision was made to proceed with surgical management for this finding .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
Migraines .
ALLERGIES :
Penicillin .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
Two cesarean sections .
PAST GYN HISTORY :
Menarche at 13 , regular menses to the age of 46 .
Then becoming irregular for several years .
She had her first child at age 21 .
She has had one normal spontaneous vaginal delivery and two cesarean sections .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient was a prior off-and-on smoker but has quit in 01/19 .
She is married .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
Imitrex ; Indocin ; Celebrex ; Verapamil for migraines .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Mother with colonic polyps .
She has a maternal uncle and maternal aunt both with colon cancer who have passed away from this disease .
There was no additional history of breast , ovarian or uterine cancer in her family .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
GENERAL :
She is a well-developed , well-nourished female .
She is 5 foot 4 inches and 159 pounds .
BREASTS :
No masses .
LUNGS :
Clear to auscultation .
HEART :
Regular rate and rhythm .
ABDOMEN :
Soft , mildly obese with Pfannenstiel scar visualized .
PELVIC :
Normal introitus , normal appearing cervix , a small , mobile uterus .
No additional masses or nodules appreciated on exam .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted on the day of her surgery which was 09/20/00 .
She underwent a TAH-BSO which was uncomplicated .
Details of the procedure can be found in the operative dictation .
In short , frozen pathology from the uterus showed that there was a grade 1 cancer with no invasion of the myometrium .
There was no nodal dissection done at that time .
The patient tolerated the procedure extremely well and did well during her postoperative course .
By postoperative day #2 she was eating , ambulating and voiding on her own .
She decided to now be discharged home at this time .
She was discharged home with the following medications :
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS :
Percocet ; Colace .
FOLLOWUP :
She will have a follow up appointment with Dr. Fuscmadril in four weeks .
CONTINGENT UPON
Not Applicable
WILL D / C ORDER BE USED AS THE D / C SUMMARY :
YES
Attending :
NEDERIFT , NY EUNRI , M.D.
CODE STATUS :
Full code
DISPOSITION :
Home
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS :
ACETYLSALICYLIC ACID 81 MG PO QD Starting Today ( 04/30 ) NITROGLYCERIN 1/150 ( 0.4 MG ) 1 TAB SL Q5MIN X 3 doses PRN Chest Pain VENTOLIN ( ALBUTEROL INHALER ) 1-2 PUFF INH QID PRN Shortness of Breath
DIET :
House / Low chol / low sat. fat
ACTIVITY :
Resume regular exercise
FOLLOW UP APPOINTMENT ( S ) :
Dr. Such next week ,
ALLERGY :
NKA
ADMIT DIAGNOSIS :
chest tightness , dyspnea on exertion
PRINCIPAL DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS ; Responsible After Study for Causing Admission ) exertional dyspnea
OTHER DIAGNOSIS ; Conditions , Infections , Complications , affecting Treatment / Stay dypsnea on exertion chest tightness
OPERATIONS AND PROCEDURES :
OTHER TREATMENTS / PROCEDURES ( NOT IN O.R. )
Adenosine MIBI
BRIEF RESUME OF HOSPITAL COURSE :
47 yo male with PmHx hyperlipidemia and former smoker here for evaluation of exertional chest tightness and dyspnea for the past two weeks .
Symptoms have been steady with no relationship to eating or position change .
He denies cough , hemoptysis , frank chest pain .
ED eval included negative troponin X 2 , normal ECG and clear chest Xray .
He had an ETT stopped at 8.5 minutes only due to chest tightness without ECG lead changes .
PMHx :
increased total cholesterol per patient .
MEDS :
daily multivitamin and Vitamin C
ALL :
NKDA
Social Hx :
married , one child , emigrated from Niarv Woodquegard 29 years ago ; civil engineer ; quit cigs 7 years ago after 15 pk / year history ; rare ETOH
ROS :
as in HPI
PE :
VSS
HEENT :
anicteric
Neck :
no JVD or Lymph node enlargement
heart :
RRR S1__S2__ , no M / G/R
Lungs :
CTA bilat
ABD :
benign
EXT :
no edema
Troponin :
negative X 2 ; normal CBC / Chemistries/LFT / coags
ECG :
NSR 80 , no ST-T or T wave abnormalities .
CXR :
clear without CHF or cardiomegaly .
Adenosine MIBI :
no ischemia , EF = 70
ADMISSION DIAGNOSIS :
RIGHT ADNEXAL MASS , PERSISTENT , COMPLEX .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSES :
HISTORY OF BREAST CARCINOMA ON TAMOXIFEN .
ADMISSION MEDICATIONS :
Tamoxifen one p.o. q. day .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 52-year-old , gravida 1 , with a history of breast cancer , diagnosed in 01/93 , which was treated with surgery , radiation therapy , and Tamoxifen .
The patient 's surgeons for removal of her breast carcinoma were Dr. Pour and Dr. Like of Sko Gerb Timp Valley Health .
In 06/94 , the patient had a pelvic ultrasound which showed a thickened endometrial stripe , and endometrial biopsy showed proliferative endometrium .
Ultrasound also showed a 1-cm. left ovarian cyst .
When a follow-up ultrasound was performed in 11/94 , it was noted to be 2.5 cm. and complex with an endometrial stripe that was 13 mm. , and biopsy subsequently showed proliferative endometrium .
A CA-125 measured at 20 .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
As per History of Present Illness .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
As per History of Present Illness .
PAST OBSTETRICAL HISTORY :
Spontaneous vaginal delivery x one .
PAST GYNECOLOGICAL HISTORY :
Her mammogram in 08/94 was normal .
ADMISSION MEDICATIONS :
As noted .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies .
HABITS :
Smoked in the past .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
She is divorced and has one son who is 17 years old .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
She has a blood pressure of 108/68 and a weight of 122 pounds .
She appears well and pleasant .
Skin is normal .
Nodes are not palpated in the anterior cervical or axillary regions or groin .
Breasts are without masses .
The patient is status post left lumpectomy .
Lungs are clear to auscultation .
Heart shows a regular rate and rhythm with no murmurs , gallops , or rubs .
Abdomen is flat with good muscle tone and no mass .
Pelvic exam shows no introital lesions , normal vagina and cervix , and a uterus that has no descent and is retroverted and slightly enlarged .
The adnexa are not well felt .
Rectal exam is without masses and guaiac-negative .
LABORATORY DATA :
Laboratory examination prior to admission showed normal chemistries , a hematocrit revealing borderline anemia at 35.4
PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS :
Right pleural effusion .
SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS :
Hypoxemia and abdominal bloating .
PRINCIPAL PROCEDURES :
1. Thoracentesis .
2. Echocardiogram .
3. EGD and EUS .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
Ms. Walking is a pleasant 89-year-old woman who presents with six months of shortness of breath that has worsened over the previous two weeks .
She describes dyspnea on exertion while walking down the hallway .
She does not have PND , orthopnea , chest pain or pleurisy .
There had been no fevers .
She does report occasional night sweats and about a 5-pound weight loss .
Her energy level is diminished .
She had been seen in the clinic several days earlier and noted to desaturate to 80
CHIEF COMPLAINT :
Hyperkalemia / increased LFTs / worsening renal failure .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is a 63-year-old female with a history of metastatic colon cancer , status post multiple chemotherapy regimens who presents with hyperkalemia , increasing LFTs , and worsening renal failure .
The patient has stage IV colon cancer metastatic to liver , bones , and lungs .
She was diagnosed in 04/2003 after presenting with rectal bleeding , and she was found to have rectal cancer with the lesions in her liver and lung .
The patient had a resection of primary tumor and a biopsy of the liver lesion in 06/2003 .
She underwent 5-FU , irinotecan , and Iressa in 07/2003 .
By 03/2004 , the patient had progression of disease and received FOLFOX and Avastin .
In 04/2004 , CAT scan showed new bony mets of the thoracic spine that were asymptomatic .
In 09/2004 , she developed back pain and got XRT .
She also received Erbitux and CPT-11 followed by XRT .
In 12/2004 , the patient had increasing progression of disease and she was referred to Dr. Scarv for phase one trial .
The patient recently also had left arm and left facial swelling , and then underwent an MRI showing bony mets to the left clavicle compressing the left subclavian vein .
She received XRT for palliation .
The patient had started phase one trial on 3/22/05 of L-814 .
The patient noticed that she has had increasing leg swelling since then , but per her oncologist , this started before that , but has worsened .
She has also been having increase in her LFTs and increase in creatinine to 2.0 on admission - normal of 0.6 , hyperkalemia the past two days treated with kayexalate and fluids .
Labs were getting worse what with the underlying process occurring .
Additionally , the patient was hypertensive to 60s systolic at her oncologist 's yesterday .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. Colon cancer as per HPI .
2. Right Port-A-Cath placement .
3. Status post TAH .
4. Left bundle-branch block .
5. History of compression to the left subclavian secondary to mets of the left clavicle as per HPI .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
OxyContin 10 mg b.i.d. , oxycodone 5 mg q.4h. p.r.n. , Coumadin 1 mg q.a.m. , raloxifene 60 mg q.d. , multivitamin , iron and vitamin C .
ALLERGIES :
Penicillin leads to rash , cephalosporin leads to rash and ibuprofen leads to GI upset .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient is divorced , with two children .
She is a social worker who deals with abused children .
She lives alone in Upa Hwy , Tsta , Alabama 29409 .
Her healthcare proxy is her son , On Elksfalcbainkih .
Her brother also lives in Ridaleproville .
The patient quit tobacco in 1977 , no alcohol .
FAMILY HISTORY :
Noncontributory .
PRINCIPLE DIAGNOSIS :
Infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm .
ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSES :
1. Hypertension ;
2. Gastroesophageal reflux disease ;
3. Osteoarthritis .
PRINCIPLE PROCEDURE :
Endovascular repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm with bifurcated device on September 9 , 2003 .
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS :
The patient is an 84 year old male , with a history of hypertension , who was discovered to have an asymptomatic 7 cm abdominal aortic aneurysm on CT scan obtained in the emergency room back in May .
At that time he had presented with abdominal pain , and was found to have acute cholecystectomy .
He underwent an uncomplicated laparoscopic cholecystectomy .
He presents at this time for endovascular repair of this abdominal aortic aneurysm .
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY :
1. Hypertension ;
2. Gastroesophageal reflux disease ;
3. H. pylori positive , status post therapy ;
4. Osteoarthritis .
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY :
1. Craniotomy for meningoma , February , 1994 ;
2. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy in May , 2002 .
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION :
1. Aspirin 81 mg PO qd ;
2. Atenolol 25 mg PO qd ;
3. Protonics 40 mg PO qd .
ALLERGIES :
No known drug allergies .
SOCIAL HISTORY :
The patient quit smoking 30 years ago .
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION :
Blood pressure 152/74 , pulse 60 , respirations 16 .
He is 71 inches tall , 196 lbs .
He has no carotid bruits .
Lungs were clear bilaterally .
Heart is regular rate and rhythm , without murmur .
Abdomen is soft , nontender with a pulsatile mass in the epigastrium .
Extremities reveals a 2+ femoral and pedal pulses bilaterally .
HOSPITAL COURSE :
The patient was admitted to Vascular Surgery Service as a same day admission , and taken to the operating room for an uncomplicated endovascular repair of his abdominal aortic aneurysm , and Anurx modular bifurcated graft was placed , and both common femoral arteries were repaired in the usual fashion .
He had pulsatile pulse volume recordings , in both lower extremities , and both renal arteries were noted to be patent , as were both internal iliac arteries .
His angiogram in the operating room , revealed no evidence of an endo leak .
Postoperatively , his course was relatively uncomplicated .
He did have an episode of a prolonged sinus pause in the recovery room , which resulted in transient loss of consciousness .
He responded to a Neo-Synephrine bolus , and had no further complications from this standpoint .
Dr. Rosean Fletcher , of the Cardiology Department was consulted , and it was his opinion that the sinus pause was related to increased vagal tone postoperatively , perhaps secondary to the epidural , as well as the patient 's Atenolol use .
His Atenolol was held , and he had no further pauses during his stay .
His postoperative CT scan showed no evidence of endo leak , or graft kinking .
He maintained good peripheral pulses and warm feet postoperatively .
However , he did develop significant ecchymosis in both groins , extending down into his scrotum .
There was no evidence of significant groin hematomas .
He tolerated a regular diet .
His pain was adequately controlled with oral medications .
Accordingly , the patient was discharged to home on postoperative day 2 .
He will be visited by LDAMC for blood pressure and incision checks .
He will follow up with Dr. Dye in the Clinic .
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE :
Admission medications .